I can't believe that in half an hour I
will be a part of the the Domus gaming
dynasty Empire Dominion we prefer
Dominion yeah I honestly can't wait to
be a part of your band there's just one
more thing and then you are officially
part of the family so at midnight you
have to play game why it's just
something we do when someone new joins
the family a game what game I didn't
think I'm really gonna play that well
the rules are simple you can hide
anywhere
we then trying to find you so there's no
way for me to win right and stay hidden
don't wanna know thank you good luck
[Music]
what the hell is this how what is this
thing
I know you're in here oh geez so you
shot the maid that she looked like she's
wearing a giant white wedding dress
Emily oh I had to play along today
I can get you out
they think that decay before sunrise
something very bad will happen to the
family if we don't find her and perform
the ritual we're all dead
found her
and today's video is called getting to
know your crossbow I forgot my gun why
don't you just use mine
that's real Adamas I just already do
just another sacrifice
is a job
yes I didn't see in order to get married
[Music]